That's good. What Ray's salary was when he came?
Yeah, how much was he making when he came here in
1925? Right here, you mean about the college
people were a little bit standoffish about the
Brian. And of course, it has its roots in this, that
Brian was business. And business was commercial.
And business was making money perfectly
properly. And I don't know that I was ever gouged in
any sales or anything like that or not treated
nicely or so on. I think we came here at 2,400. Yes,
because Austin College, you were getting 1,800,
which was a big salary. And he raised you then to
2,000 after a year or two. And because they had
offers. By the way, a properly raised and proper
degree is from a proper institution, a man,
whether a master's, but especially a PhD. They do
not go seeking positions. Not in those days.
Nowadays, they do not only seek them, they
scramble for them. Because there are so many PhDs.
You don't. We didn't do that in those days. We
waited for offers. It's now a buyer's market.
Well, I don't know that it was that. It is now, not
then. It was a feeling of dignity, the same as
doctors do not advertise. And we have a doctor
friend up in Virginia who advertised. with a
picture taken of himself and wife and five
children. We know the wife particularly well up in
Lynchburg, Virginia. And that was put in the
paper. And the Medical Association
sort of protested, because that might look as an
advertisement. And you know, or advertisement, I
don't know which way you want to pronounce it. We
change in pronunciations, too, I think. And for
instance, you never see anything about the doctor
or his practice. The only thing you see is that
doctor or doctor so-and-so are pleased to
announce the association of so-and-so. Or they
may say location doctor so-and-so has moved his
office or clinic to such and such a place, which is
for the convenience of people and not
advertising. And that's the way Ray never sought
any place. Of course, he went to Austin College
because of the friendship of two family friends.
Do you remember what they were paying your
professors in the department who worked for you or
your instructors? Do you remember what the salary
scale was? Here, I think we came to 2,400, and we
thought that was enormous. But, oh, it would be
maybe 1,800 the way we left Austin College. But it
was plenty. You know, you could buy much more.
Right in my head, the cigar got about 2,000.
Uh-huh. And he was the one that was here. I signed
many pills, but I can't remember now what was on
them. No, or what you offered those who came after
you, the only thing, the only way you could get that
would be to ask, um, ask, um... Probably have to go
to the comptroller. No, you could, yes, the
comptroller probably would know from the
records, but he'd have to look pretty far back. But
you could ask the, um, Horace Bassett, I'm sure
he'd be glad to tell you. Okay. And I think you could
ask, um, Al B. Nelson, who lived out college way
out. He came here about 35 or 36, I think, didn't he?
Hard to remember. Wait a minute now. This would be
something like that. The Fullers came seven years
after. The Fullers and Dean.
Who succeeded Dean? Not Della Plain. Who was
before that? Brooks. That was seven years after we
came. They came, and that's when J.D.P. Fuller
came, who later went to the VMI, Virginia
Military.
Let me think.
I can't remember what you offered him or what he
came for, but that was seven years after we came.
And I remember telling Mrs. Brooks, he came in
seven years after we came. I remember that
particularly by something I said. I said, Mrs.
Brooks, you know, if you stay here, there's a bug
that bites you. And she said, what's that? I said,
well, it's a bug that makes you want to stay here.
And if you stay here seven years, you will be
absolutely captured by that bug. And she said, how
long have you been here? I said, seven years. So I
remember that they came then. He was mayor of Waco
when he came. So that's seven years. That was in
1932 then. You see, that's pretty far back. And he
was mayor of Waco. And was he a professor? Yes, he
was a professor. He was Dr. Brooks. He was a
professor in school and college administration.
And that's what Dean Friley took up in Chicago. And
we spent part of the summer up in Chicago at a
friend's home who was going to be gone. We went to
the seaside for the children. Lake Michigan, and
they all got earrings. And they were bathing in
Lake Michigan. And he went up there to, that was
Dean Friley. He went up there to get a degree. I
think he had a doctor's degree, but maybe he just
went up there with that doctor's degree. He was the
one that wanted doctors here in this, because
there were so few. There was Humbert, and Sylvie,
and Milsing, and Sonny. And it seems to me there
were six PhDs at the time that we came. But it may
have been 10. I can't remember, because that
surprised me. That's one of the surprises. Well, I
think you've sort of picked our brains
thoroughly. I don't know if there's any brains
left now.
was positioned to care of the boys. They are
cadets. We used to call them cadets, or the boys.
And in fact, I think we said the boys more than
anything else. He was allowed on the side some
life. I remember one woman here, their young son,
who was Jimmy Cashin, he was just a little fellow.
And he was born right here on the campus. And they
would ask him just to get him to make us laugh,
though he didn't know why it was funny. They'd say,
what do the boys say? Notice the word boys. And he
would say, rah, rah, rah, rah, rah, rah, rah, rah,
rah, rah, like that. So you see, we called it boys.
And they lived near Dr. Marsh, who was college
physician when we came. And I think he came perhaps
the same year as he has a son who is James. Jack
Marsh, a physician, but Dr. Marsh has died. He
looked after the cadets or the boys and was really a
specialist in respiratory diseases, which was
the commonplace thing here, though he did operate
minor things like appendicitis and so on. And I
think one Houston friend told me that this was
called the appendicitis belt. That didn't mean
just the college, but it meant the town too. And so a
good many went for specialties, went to Houston,
as we did. We had no pediatrician. and no
ophthalmologist. In fact, Dr. Rolstrom was the
first ophthalmologist down in Beague, Houston,
which was Beague even then. So we would go down
there, and others would go there. They would take
their children down to checkups if they were
worried in any way. And I think where they went to,
oh, I can't remember the name. We took our son
there, both of them. for a checkup, and everything
was all right. And we took for eyes. You see, we were
great readers. And we had a nearsighted son, and a
son who was operated on his eyes. So we had to go to
Houston for things like that. And that's all I
think we went to. There were other specialists,
but we didn't need specialists. And people went to
Temple for medical, Scott and White. And some went
up here to right north of us, Marlin, I believe
there's a clinic up there. And Temple, though, was
Dr. Marsh's recommendation. I remember Ray went
out to Temple. I don't remember that. Oh, Ray, that
was in 29, because of when your father was sick. Dr.
Marsh recommended a general checkup up at Scott
and White. So you see, we just had to go away for
special things. And Dr. Marsh was a very kindly,
friendly, would tell you things, and
very likable, very likable. He was also his widow.
And Jack was a nice kid. Jack went on a trip to
Europe.
when Sam Ray was a political officer in the State
Department. And when they had free time, he took
off time to go to see Sam Ray up there. And Mrs. Marsh
told me that Jack said that, oh, Sam Ray, he is
important. And I said, no, he isn't. He's just
progressed, but I wouldn't say that it was topped.
But it seemed so, because he had crimson satin
walls, you see, and could look over. The embassy
was a beautiful, restored palace, the Pallas
Margarita, I think it was, in Rome. And I said to
Mrs. Marsh, but she was so kind to tell me that. And I
said, no, he's not important. He's not important
to his friend. Oh, no, she says, but I'm in the
department. I shouldn't put that in. I hope that is
the number. It's great. Given credit. If you're
given credit, you see. I couldn't choose. I wanted
to, because Johns Hopkins has a copyright on . Oh,
no, he wasn't making money. It would also depend on
how old the copyright is, too. I think you've got,
what, 27 years? Is about all that thing's good for?
No, he had 1932. Because Hopkins would have let him
know. But Samurai is his own. He published it his
own self. I don't know how. And I don't remember his
name or anything.
you see, because it's John Patchett, William
Patchett. He makes that much off of it? No, it sells
for $13 a volume. You get a nice percentage of that.
That's capital gains. Yes, ma'am, it is. But
capital gains is better than real income because
you pay only half of what your capital, you pay only
half of what your capital gain is with. I've gone
through some of that last year for the 72 things we
had.